Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
There may be prettier women than you
There will be others
With more power than you
They may exist in this world
But you are the queen…
You are the queen
A queen without treasures or land
That taught me the way to live
Nothing more
At this time in my life
I regret having wasted my time…
A NETFLIX DOCUMENTARY
Since I don't have it written down
I'm going to tell you. gentlemen
Tell you my biography
From childhood to today
SHE WENT ON A DATE WITH DIOMEDES
AND DIDN'T COME BACK
FRIEND OF DIOMEDES FOUND DEAD
THE KIDS ARE WITH YOU. DIOMEDES
I WILL DEFEND THE CHIEF TO DEATH
WE BELIEVE IN YOUR INNOCENCE
VALLENATO LEGEND PARK
VALLEDUPAR
JORGE OÑATE
SINGER
The wound I always carry in my soul
Doesn't heal
Inevitably I'm marked by the sorrow
Which is infinite
I'd like to fly far away. far away
Without a direction…
MARCIANO MARTÍNEZ
COMPOSER
I've started to analyze
The way to start a vallenato song
And I've been able to understand
That one has to be born
With the feeling…
TOMÁS DARÍO GUTIÉRREZ
HISTORIAN
Many times when I'm alone…
JORGE BARÓN
HOST OF EL SHOW DE LAS ESTRELLAS
Gentlemen. I come to tell you
There's a new enchantment in the savannah
They go to these places in advance
They already have the crowned goddess…
I came from a sad past
From a dark past that hurt me
I came looking for the light
That would illuminate my soul
And I found it in your eyes
FREDDY PERALTA
SINGER AND ACCORDION PLAYER
The dog was playing the piano
And the cat. the violin
I also saw a rat dancing
With the daughter of the porcupine
Hey. lazy old man. Romeo!
ISAAC LEÓN
RADIO ANNOUNCER
Oh. during wintertime. the mountains
Are covered by clouds at the top
And the savannah turns green…
TO EMILIO OVIEDO "EL COMANDANTE"
FOR HIS HIT "EL PAYASO DE TU RISA"
AS SONG OF THE YEAR
EMILIO OVIEDO
ACCORDION PLAYER
EMILIO OVIEDO AND HIS GROUP
SING: RAFAEL OROZCO
GREATEST HITS
RAFAEL OROZCO. EMILIO OVIEDO
In the early morning. I see dawn
And once again. the sun is warming up
I sing it with my soul
For that beautiful brunette
From that light brown window
Where my beloved sleeps
TWO GREATS
DIOMEDES DÍAZ AND COLACHO MENDOZA
THE PROFESSIONALS
FOR MY FANS …
YOUR SERENADE
WITH A LOT OF STYLE
So listen up to this parody
Which goes like this
Everything I worked for
It's all for you
You're the one who has the right
What I keep here in my chest
It's all for you
Love. which is the greatest…
DIOMEDES DÍAZ - COLACHO MENDOZA
SINGING
TITO CASTILLA
CASHIER
JAIME PÉREZ PARODI
OFFICIAL PRESENTER
Stop that
Stop that rage
I love you
With all my soul
TOAST WITH THE SOUL
JOAQUÍN GUILLÉN
FRIEND AND MANAGER
THE STORES TERREMOTO AND CANDELA SUPPORT
JUANCHO ROIS AT THE XXIV VALLENATO FEST
JUANCHO ROIS
ACCORDION PLAYER. 1985-1994
I'm no longer in pain or suffering
They already left like the hurricane wind
And the sorrows
That burned inside my chest
The pain and suffering is over
Not even the memories remain
And if they come
They're already summer rain
I sing
I laugh
I dream
And live happily
CIRO VARGAS
SONY MUSIC GENERAL MANAGER. 1979-1984
Why would you blame me?
If you were for me
Like water for the thirsty
Don't you remember
That I felt like dying
Without the honey of your kisses?
But once I saw you leave…
Hey!
I feel fortunate to be Colombian
I say it with pride
I'm Colombian
Juancho!
WORLD CUP
Colombia nailed it!
IVÁN ZULETA
ACCORDION PLAYER. 1995-1998
ERNESTO SAMPER
PRESIDENT OF COLOMBIA. 1994-1998
RUBÉN ARAÚJO
FRIEND
RAFAEL SANTOS
SON
A strand of hair adorns my body
A strand of hair adorns my soul
Oh. look at my first gray hair
News of my old age
I know that when Rafael Santos sees me
Filled with youth. he tells his mother
"Oh. look. Dad has gray hair"
I don't know if she'll believe it
JAIME ARAÚJO
FRIEND
Tell Martínez Zuleta. Esq.
And the girl Gladys I'm passing by
In October. I didn't come to the party
But now. in November. I will please them
But now. in November. I will please them…
JORGE CARDONA
GENERAL EDITOR OF EL ESPECTADOR
SAMPER
PRESIDENT. KNOCK OUT UNEMPLOYMENT
NEW YORK
JULY 1995
It hurts to say it today
One night here in Valencia
Juancho Rois said goodbye
GERMÁN BENEDETTI
PERSONAL ASSISTANT. 1979-1997
LUZ CONSUELO MARTÍNEZ
WIDOW
She knows that I get delirious
The love I always ask of her
Tere. I want to be your husband
I don't want you to look down on me
MAURICIO BOTÍA
BODYGUARD
RODRIGO NIÑO
DORIS A. NIÑO'S BROTHER
MAY 14. 1997
OSWALDO ÁLVAREZ
BODYGUARD
STORIES
SANDRA GRIJALBA
JOURNALIST
JAIRO LOZANO
MISAEL MALAVER
WITNESS
NÉSTOR SANDOVAL
NATIONAL OFFICE OF THE ATTORNEY GENERAL
SANDRA
MAY 15/97
SEX WORKER
ALLEGED WITNESS
LEGAL MEDICINE
TUNJA
SANDRA
MAY 15/97
ALFONSO GÓMEZ MÉNDEZ
NATIONAL PUBLIC PROSECUTOR. 1997-2001
NATIONAL OFFICE OF THE ATTORNEY GENERAL
NATIONAL OFFICE OF THE ATTORNEY GENERAL
OCTOBER 3. 1997
THE DISTRICT ATTORNEY'S OFFICE
ARRESTS DIOMEDES DÍAZ
FRONTAL PHOTO
DIOMEDES DÍAZ SUPPLIES DORIS ADRIANA…
BLOOD
COCAINE
FERNANDO CARDOZO
LAWYER
OSWALDO ÁLVAREZ
BODYGUARD
"I DIDN'T KILL DORIS ADRIANA"
THE CHIEF TO BE JUDGED!
NIÑO & NIÑO ASSOCIATES
JESÚS EDGAR NIÑO
THE NIÑO FAMILY LAWYER
LAWYER
TERESA NIÑO
NIÑO FAMILY SUBSTITUTE LAWYER
TERESA M. NIÑO N.
CERTIFIED LAWYER
LAWYERS
NATIONAL PENITENTIARY SCHOOL
DIOMEDES DÍAZ WILL CONTINUE TO BE DETAINED
DIOMEDES IN PRISON
DIOMEDES' PUZZLE
RAFAEL SANTOS
SON
PALOQUEMAO JUDICIAL COMPLEX
JUDICIAL SERVICES CENTER
- 33
- RD CRIMINAL CIRCUIT COURT
EVELIO DAZA
DIOMEDES DÍAZ'S LAWYER
TEST RESULTS
COCAINE: POSITIVE
OVERDOSE
CLEARLY INDICATE EXTREMELY HIGH
BLOOD CONCENTRATIONS
OF COCAINE AND ITS MAIN
METABOLIC AGENT (BENZOYLECGONINE)
NATIONAL PENITENTIARY SCHOOL
BOGOTÁ AND CUNDINAMARCA COURTS
CRIMINAL CODE
MARCH 28. 1998
THANKS. VIRGIN OF CARMEN.
FOR FREEING THE CHIEF
THANKS FOR NOT LOSING FAITH
THE VIRGIN HAS SHOWN HER LOVE
COLOMBIA IS WITH YOU. DIOMEDES
COME BACK TO LIFE
WE'RE ALL WAITING
PROBATION FOR DIOMEDES DÍAZ
APRIL 8. 1998
EMERGENCY
CLINIC ADMISSIONS. OFFICES
CLINICAL LABORATORY
This is the story I want to tell my fans
And leave them as an example
My life experiences
Oh. how beautiful life is
When there's desire to live it
And push aside resentment
SUPREME COURT OF JUSTICE
BOGOTÁ
TOXICOLOGICAL ANALYSIS
RESULT: NEGATIVE FOR PSYCHOTROPIC DRUGS
THIS IS FALSE FOR THE FOLLOWING REASONS
MECHANICAL ASPHYXIATION
GUILLERMO MENDOZA DIAGO
DISTRICT ATTORNEY
NATIONAL OFFICE OF THE ATTORNEY GENERAL
AUGUST 10. 2000
JOAQUÍN GUILLÉN
FRIEND AND MANAGER
ALFONSO GÓMEZ MÉNDEZ
NATIONAL PUBLIC PROSECUTOR. 1997-2001
ANTICOMMUNIST
GET OUT. GUERRILLA
"IF THEY CHANGE THE JUDGE.
DIOMEDES WILL TURN HIMSELF IN"
LUZ CONSUELO MARTÍNEZ
WIDOW
THE INTENTION THAT SPURRED DIOMEDES...
AT THE TIME OF SUPPLYING COCAINE
TO DORIS ADRIANA NIÑO...
WAS TO CAUSE HER PERSONAL HARM.
MAURICIO BOTÍA
BODYGUARD
OSWALDO ÁLVAREZ
THE DIOMEDES DÍAZ TRIAL
THE STORY OF DORIS
DIOMEDES WAS SENTENCED TO TWELVE YEARS
DIOMEDES GOES BACK TO JAIL
DIOMEDES DÍAZ GOES BACK TO PRISON
I.N.P.E.C.
JUDICIAL DISTRICT JAIL. VALLEDUPAR
JAIME ARAUJO
FRIEND
I DIDN'T KILL DORIS ADRIANA
SUPREME COURT OF JUSTICE
INSTITUTIONAL COURT
COLOMBIANS: WEAPONS HAVE GIVEN YOU
INDEPENDENCE. LAWS WILL GIVE YOU FREEDOM.
DIOMEDES DÍAZ WAS RELEASED
WITH MY PEOPLE AGAIN
DIOMEDES DÍAZ
ENEYDA CUADROS
FAN
Of that great love
I love you with my soul
You know well I couldn't love you more
You flew away
Heading towards the highest clouds
And I couldn't reach you anymore
Of such great love
I loved you with my soul
You know well I couldn't love you more
You flew away
Heading towards the highest clouds
I couldn't reach you anymore
Today. when. from the cloud…
ISAAC LEÓN
RADIO ANNOUNCER
Today there's nothing left
Of such great love
IVÁN ZULETA
ACCORDION PLAYER. 1995-1998
JORGE BARÓN
HOST OF EL SHOW DE LAS ESTRELLAS
BARRANQUILLA. LAST CONCERT
DECEMBER. 2013
One night I was thinking
About the life of artists…
DECEMBER 22. 2013
THE VALLEY CRIES FOR DIOMEDES
THE IMMORTAL DIOMEDES
YOU RESURRECTED FOR ETERNITY
One joke ahead
REUNITED!
DIOMEDES DÍAZ AND JUANCHO ROIS
One joke behind
One joke ahead
One joke…
DIOMEDES DÍAZ MAESTRE
MAY 26. 1957 - DEC 22. 2013
This life that I have
Is very beautiful
I am very grateful
Of those people who accompany me
Thank you very much. Thank you.
Wherever I go
Every day giving me fame
I don't know how to pay for
This beautiful gesture
I want to share my soul
Giving everyone a little bit
Singing
Singing beautiful verses
My pleasure!
This documentary is based
on a journalistic investigation
about the life and work
of Diomedes Díaz Maestre.
The process included interviews.
reviewing press. bibliography.
and judicial documents.
The documentary
was made under the protection
of constitutional and legal norms
on freedom of expression.
and therefore has no intention
of harming anyone.
but rather to present
the product of such investigation.
The procedural truth lies
in the case files
and judicial decisions.
The opinions or comments
of the interviewees
do not represent
the vision of the production.
We thank all those
who participated with their testimony.
including Jorge Oñate.
who was interviewed days before his death.